Add integration benefits (#274)
JupiterOne/graph-azure: docs/jupiterone.md

creating a Service Principal (App Registration) and providing the credentials to
JupiterOne.

## Azure + JupiterOne Integration Benefits 

- Visualize Azure cloud resources in the JupiterOne graph.
- Map Azure users to employees in your JupiterOne account.
- Monitor visibility and governance of your Azure cloud environment by
  leveraging hundreds of out of the box queries.

> - Monitor compliance against the Azure CIS Framework and other security

Reviewer: Should this be `Azure CIS Benchmarks framework` for ©️ reasons?

![Screen Shot 2021-04-02 at 4 42 36 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2571/113452697-85139380-93d2-11eb-8f1d-234c8fc51687.png)

  benchmarks using the JupiterOne compliance app.
- Monitor Azure vulnerabilities and findings from multiple services within the
  alerts app.
- Monitor changes to your Azure cloud resources using multiple JupiterOne alert
  rule packs specific to Azure.

## How it Works

- JupiterOne periodically fetches users and cloud resources from Azure to update the graph.
- Write JupiterOne queries to review and monitor updates to the graph, or leverage existing queries.

> - Configure alerts to take action when the JupiterOne graph changes, or leverage existing alerts.

Reviewer: I like the "or leverage existing ...". Would be worthwhile I think to add to https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-template/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md.

Author: @aiwilliams of course! https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-template/pull/27

## Requirements

- JupiterOne requires the API credentials for the Azure endpoint, specifically the Directory (tenant) id,

> the Application (client) id, and the Application (client) secret with the correct permissions assigned.

Reviewer: We use https://github.com/typicode/husky to cause certain scripts to execute before creating creating a git commit, configured in each repository ([for example](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-azure/blob/master/husky.config.js)). That will run [a script in `package.json`](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-azure/blob/efa2c147cc78048e6278c24bbf35114b1fccbc7d/package.json#L27), which *should* include formatting these markdown files. When you get a chance, it would be good to get that working on your machine so that these are formatted.

In this case, the line exceeds the column length that we intend.

Author: Going to make edits in the UI, but will keep this in mind!

   service principal"
1. Search for the App "JupiterOne"

### In JupiterOne

1. From the configuration **Gear Icon**, select **Integrations**.
2. Scroll to the **Azure** integration tile and click it.
3. Click the **Add Configuration** button and configure the following settings:
- Enter the **Account Name** by which you'd like to identify this Azure
   account in JupiterOne. Ingested entities will have this value stored in
   `tag.AccountName` when **Tag with Account Name** is checked.
- Enter a **Description** that will further assist your team when identifying
   the integration instance.
- Select a **Polling Interval** that you feel is sufficient for your monitoring
   needs. You may leave this as `DISABLED` and manually execute the integration.
- Enter the **Directory (tenant) ID** of the Active Directory to target in Azure
API requests.
- Enter the **Application (client) ID** created for JupiterOne, used to authenticate
with Azure.
- Enter the **Application (client) Secret** associated with the application ID, used
to authenticate with Azure.

> - Select the option **Ingest Active Directory** to ingest Directory information, and
> should only be anbled in one integration instance per Directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the option **Ingest Active Directory** to ingest Directory information. This
  should only be enabled in one integration instance per Directory.
```
